# Project Two:Network Diagram and Rationale
This project involves reconfiguring a network with a network diagram and providing a network design rationale based on the architectural requirements presented in a scenario. The audience for this diagram and rationale is the network administrator for a fictional organization at which you are employed as a junior security analyst for the purposes of this assignment. As you will find in the workplace, there is often not just one correct answer to any given set of specifications when developing a network diagram. There may be many configurations to respond to each scenario. This project represents an authentic demonstration of the related course competency because, as a junior security analyst, you will often be asked to troubleshoot and design a variety of networks and network configurations that meet the business needs. In this assignment, you will demonstrate your mastery of the following course competency:  CYB-210-02: Design IP addressing and supporting services to meet architectural requirements Scenario Your instructor will post a real-world scenario that includes the minimum specifications on which your work will be based. You will also be provided with a Packet Tracer native file (.pkt) that you will import into the Packet Tracer application to use as the base diagram for your network. You will use the scenario and the provided Packet Tracer lab environment to do your work. Prompt You must address the critical elements listed below. The codes shown in brackets indicate the course competency to which each critical element is aligned. I. Network Diagram A. Organize the essential components required in the given minimum specifications so that they collectively constitute a functional system. [CYB-210-02]  IP networking  Subnet masks  Network (DHCP) infrastructure  Network address translation (NAT) protocol and port address translation (PAT) protocol B. Use annotations that address all the organizational requirements that were identified in the scenario you were provided. [CYB-210-02] II. Network Design Rationale Describe your rationale for how you organized the components so that they constitute a functional system. Provide a rationale for each component: A. IP networking [CYB-210-02] B. Subnet masks [CYB-210-02] C. Network (DHCP) infrastructure [CYB-210-02] D. Network address translation (NAT) protocol and port address translation (PAT) protocol [CYB-210-02]
